deep into that darkness peering long I
stood there wondering fearing doubting
Nintendo
you too will come to understand fear as
I
flesh bone bound together with the
oddest magical incantation this wretched
book is where it all began so long ago
before time before humanity i am dr.
edward roy vez i am a clinical
psychologist i am also dead this is not
my story nor even the story of the Roy
vez family it is the story of humanity
like it or not believe it or not as you
will your perceptions will not change
reality but simply color it humanity has
been on the edge of extinction for two
millennia ignorant of so much and
dependent on so few the Guardians grow
restless their time once again near
whether by fate or misfortune my family
has crossed their path and they didn't
take kindly to it their attention turns
to my granddaughter for she is the last
of my line and the last hope for
humanity
thanks
hello miss Alexandra rooibos um yeah
who's this this is inspector look grass
of the Rhode Island police I'm sorry to
disturb you but there's been an accident
with your grandfather I'll be on the
next flight out